EU control plan authentication endpoint is different (#56)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc

* Your Anypoint Platform organization must be set up as your audience.
* The assertion consumer service must be set to send a `POST` request to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+`.

> Note, for Anypoint Platform EU Control Plane, the endpoint is `+https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
If you are using the Anypoint Platform EU Control Plane, the endpoint is `+https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+`.
If you are using the Anypoint Platform Gov Cloud, the endpoint is  `+https://gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/receive-id+`
```
